This is the story 
about a boy named Ted. 
If his mother said: 
Ted, be good, he would. 

Be good, Ted. Alright. 

She told him tales 
about a soldier dad, 
but it made her sad. 
Then she cried, oh my. 

Ted used to tell her 
he'd be twice as good 
and he knew he could, 
'cos in his head he said: 

Mummy don't worry, 
your Teddy boy's here 
taking good care of you. 
Mama don't worry, 
your Teddy boy's here. 
Teddy's gonna see you through. 

And she said: 
Teddy don't worry 
your mummy's here, 
taking good care of you. 
She said: Teddy don't worry, 
your mummy's here, 
Teddy's gonna see you through. 

He said: ta da da... 

Then came the day 
she found herself a man. 
Teddy turned and ran 
oh far away, oh yeah. 

He couldn't stand 
just to be around, 
so he left the town 
far away, yeah yeah. 

Ted used to tell her 
he'd be twice as good 
and he know he could, 
'cos in his head he said: 

Mummy don't worry, 
now Teddy boy's here, 
taking good care of you. 
Mummy don't worry, 
your Teddy boy's here. 
Teddy's gonna see you through. 

And she said: 
Teddy don't worry, 
now mummy's here, 
taking good care of you. 
Teddy don't worry, 
your mummy's here, 
mummy's gonna see you through. 

And he said: 
Mummy mummy don't worry, 
your Teddy boy's here 
taking good care of you. 
Mummy don't worry, 
now Teddy boy's here. 
Teddy's gonna see you through. 

Take your partner 
and don't (...), 
hold them tight 
and don't let go. 

Got it. Jump up. 

Take your partners 
and don't see 
when you got it, 
then let it go 
Hold them tight then. 

Now Ted used to tell her 
he'd be twice as good, 
and he knew he could 
'cos in his head, he said:

